docs: Improve liquidity module spec for concepts, state, README (#378)
tendermint/liquidity: x/liquidity/spec/02_state.md

 # State

The liquidity module `x/liquidity` keeps track of the Pool and PoolBatch states. The state represents your app at a given moment.
## Pool

Pool stores information about the liquidity pool.

> Pool type has the following structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Pool` type has the following structure:
```

- ModuleName, RouterKey, StoreKey, QuerierRoute: `liquidity`

- PoolCoinDenomPrefix: `pool`
## PoolBatch

PoolBatch stores information about the liquidity pool batch states.

> PoolBatch type has the following structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PoolBatch` type has the following structure:
```

}
```

## Batch Messages

> Deposit, withdrawal, or swap orders are accumulated in a liquidity pool for a pre-defined period, which can be one or more blocks in length. Orders are then added to the pool and executed at the end of the batch. The following messages are executed in batch-style. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deposits, withdrawals, and swap orders are accumulated in a liquidity pool for a pre-defined period that is one or more blocks in length. Orders are then added to the pool and executed at the end of the batch. The following messages are executed in batch.
```

### DepositMsgState

`DepositMsgState` defines the state of deposit message as it is processed in the next batch or batches.

> When a user sends `MsgDepositWithinBatch` transaction to the network, it is accumulated in a batch. `DepositMsgState` contains the state information about the message; if the transaction is executed, successfully matched, and if it is to be deleted in the next block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user sends a `MsgDepositWithinBatch` transaction to the network, it is accumulated in a batch. `DepositMsgState` contains the state information about the message:

- If the transaction is executed
- If the transaction is successfully matched
- If the transaction will be deleted in the next block
```

Reviewer: hi @kogisin we need to include "a" before the message for plain language or we can make "transaction" plural so the sentence reads:

> When a user sends `MsgDepositWithinBatch` transactions to the network, they are accumulated in a batch.

    Msg        MsgDepositWithinBatch
}
```
### WithdrawMsgState

> `WithdrawMsgState` defines the state of withdraw message as it is processed in the next batch or batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`WithdrawMsgState` defines the state of the withdraw message as it is processed in the next batch or batches.
```

> When a user sends `MsgWithdrawWithinBatch` transaction to the network, it is accumulated in a batch. `WithdrawMsgState` contains the state information about the message; if the transaction is executed, successfully matched, and if it is to be deleted in the next block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user sends a `MsgWithdrawWithinBatch` transaction to the network, it is accumulated in a batch. `WithdrawMsgState` contains the state information about the message:

- If the transaction is executed
- If the transaction is successfully matched
- If the transaction will be deleted in the next block
```

    Msg        MsgWithdrawWithinBatch
}
```
### SwapMsgState

`SwapMsgState` defines the state of swap message as it is processed in the next batch or batches.

> When a user sends `MsgSwapWithinBatch` transaction to the network, it is accumulated in a batch. `SwapMsgState` contains the state information about the message; if the transaction is executed, successfully matched, and if it is to be deleted in the next block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user sends a `MsgSwapWithinBatch` transaction to the network, it is accumulated in a batch. `SwapMsgState` contains the state information about the message:

- If the transaction is executed
- If the transaction is successfully matched
- If the transaction will be deleted in the next block
```
